XXXX XXXX. 

We had 5 credit card accounts. Our credit report shows " no late payments '' " ever '' until XXXX or XXXX XXXX. 

We took out Chapter XXXX Bankruptcy on XXXX XXXX XXXX. All payments were current. We were told the trustee would pay the cards and no further interest would be charged. We took out Chapter XXXX to hopefully settle some things on our house. Every bill we had was current and paid to date. Again, there is continued perfect history on our vehicles, electric payments, insurance, etc. 

As soon as we filed the bankruptcy paper, our credit cards closed the account. In addition, as we find out two years later, the credit card companies immediately sold the debt to collection companies for pennies on the dollar. It was not to collect for them as the trustee would have been paying them for the next 5 years. 

After settling on the house, we withdrew from the bankruptcy. We saw XXXX XXXX checking our credit. Then we started getting calls from them. They said they were collecting for the credit card companies. We settled 3 of the accounts as agreed and were doing payments of the other two for 5 years. 

Every month, portfolio as a collection agency, is stating that a late payment is received and reporting it on XXXX 's credit report. They also reported my payments to them when paid in full as late. 

Our insurance company on our house told us we were a poor risk and raised our premiums because we made late payments to a collection agency. 

Attached are a viewing of XXXX and XXXX payments that they automatically take from our bank account. Again, we receive and the credit report shows that the payment is late. 

XXXX XXXX is a debt buyer not a collection agency. They are destroying our credit history by reporting it late and that " we were sent '' to collections. AGAIN THIS IS WRONG. They bought the debt -- period. Now they continue to ruin our credit by false reporting even though they are getting paid every month on time as they agreed. 

We do n't think they should be allowed to report payments this way and ruin our credit.