Pursuant to FCRA I am writing to your company today to advise you of ID Theft resulting in fraudulent accounts/inquiries on my credit, you are required to investigate any negative and/or derogatory listing which I submit a dispute on. When I have notified you of the following information the proper action has not been taken. A proper investigation has yet to take place, if this complaint is closed without proper action being taken by your company. I will seek legal means to take action against your company through the judicial process. I have sent all paperwork necessary for a dispute with Transunion, including an affidavit, police report, letter from the DA, and a cover letter on which accounts I was a victim of identity theft. I mailed them US priority mail, I have yet to get a response back. The police report and the letter from the DA verified that I have had numerous accounts that had been opened fraudulently while serving in the US Military. There have also been countless inquiries considering the accounts/inquires were opened and or requested without my knowledge or consent FCRA requires them to be removed within 30 days. If this is not done it is punishable { {$2500.00} } per offense. I will seek the maximum allowed by law if the following accounts/inquires are not removed within 30 days for receipt of this complaint. First I want to address the is the collection account XXXX from XXXX XXXX. Second I would like to address XXXX from XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX This account was mine, however, I was never late! And, I paid it off. Please refer to my XXXX and XXXX credit reports that I have attached for verification. Third account # XXXX from XXXX FI. This was not me and is fraudulent. Fourth account # XXXX with XXXX XXXX. This was not me as well. Fifth, account # XXXX that was originally with XXXX and now is with XXXX. Again, this is not me and I 've sent documentation from local law enforcement proving all of these were identity theft. Sixth is account # XXXX that was originally with XXXX and now is with XXXX XXXX XXXX Seventh is account # XXXX that was originally with XXXX and is now with XXXX XXXX . I have never even been to this place. Eighth is account # XXXX that was orignally with XXXX and is now with XXXX XXXX . Again, I have never been to this place. Ninth is account number XXXX with XXXX XXXX. I have sent notice to the companies directly and they have been ignored so under FCRA these all need to be removed and/or fixed without further delay. As a credit reporting agency when a company fails to provide PROOF which they are not able to do ( The addresses and phone numbers on these accounts do not match my own or the companies simply will not provide the information ) the accounts must be removed BY THE CREDIT BUREAU under FCRA.