We called Citimortgage, our current lender, to find out about refinancing our home. We asked about the rates as well as questioned whether we had enough equity in our home to get the amount of money we needed. We gave our information to XXXX XXXX, a loan originator, who then looked up our property. He said that our value was {$350000.00} based on a XXXX estimate. We questioned the value and verbalized that the XXXX estimate was far too high ( on more than one occasion ) and XXXX XXXX reassured us that XXXX was " pretty spot on '' with its estimates. We went forward with the loan application and paid the fees for the processing and appraisal. After submitting endless paperwork and hounding the personal processor, XXXX XXXX to keep us up to date with any additional information she may need, the appraisal came back, and it was {$95000.00} less than XXXX estimate. XXXX XXXX then came back with a much smaller loan amount and higher percentage rate assuming we would continue. Needless to say, we felt like this was negligible on Citi 's part. XXXX XXXX prepares home loans as a profession, and we believed in his faith of XXXX estimate. We would have NEVER gone through the process or paid the money to CitiMortgage had we known the real value of our home ; it would have been obvious that the value of our home did not support enough to refinance. I called XXXX manager, XXXX XXXX ( NMLS ID : XXXX ) and stated that I believed it was negligent on Citi 's part to use an estimate that is so inaccurate and requested our money back. After XXXX XXXX listened to the audio from our calls with XXXX XXXX he agreed ( while not admitting fault on Citi 's behalf ) to refund our money. Since then, I have emailed XXXX XXXX weekly for well over one month and received various statuses regarding the refund I was promised. Ie. " Team overlooked decline note '', " reprocessed ''. I feel as though CitiMortgage/XXXX XXXX should keep their word and refund the money. The last correspondence I had with him was Wednesday, XXXX XXXX, 2017, where XXXX XXXX said he " resubmitted the refund on XXXX/XXXX/2017 and it should be credited to the card in a few days ''. My husband called the following Monday XXXX/XXXX/2017 and XXXX XXXX said the same thing. It is now Friday, XXXX XXXX, 2017, and well over 30 days from when we were originally promised our money back by XXXX XXXX.