After logging into or out of my Citi credit card account, Citi had a window pop up on the screen asking me to verify my income. This happened about every other time I logged in or logged out, for a period of several months. When I first began to receive these pop up windows, there was no amount given for my income. My choices were either update my income or not update my income. But as time went on, the pop up window changed. The new pop up windows said my income was XXXX and my XXXX choices were to either confirm my XXXX income, or change my XXXX income. When the window popped up upon login, I could not proceed. When the window popped up after attempting to log out, I could not log out. 
On XX/XX/XXXX I phoned Citi, explained to the representative what the problem was, and asked for this to cease. The representative said she would send email to the proper department stating my request. 
The next day, XX/XX/XXXX, after logging in, I again received the pop up windows asking for my income. That day, I sent XXXX messages to Citi via their website, and received XXXX responses. The final response from Citi stated, " Providing the income information is optional. We have XXXX the online requests for this information. '' On XX/XX/XXXX, when I tried logging out of my Citi account, I was prevented from doing so. The same logout pop up window appeared that I had written to Citi about on XX/XX/XXXX - the pop up that was supposed to be XXXX ( along with the login pop up window ). 
The logout pop up window says the following ( and is similar to the login pop up window ), " Total Annual Income {$0.00} Examples : Salary, wages, interest, dividends, rental income, retirement benefits. If you are XXXX or older, you may include income from others that you can reasonably access to pay your bills. Alimony, child support or separate maintenance income need not be revealed if you do not wish to have it considered as a basis for repaying this obligation. Monthly Mortgage/Rent Payment {$0.00} Make Changes MY INFO IS CORRECT ''