I cosigned on an auto loan. My son is not able to pay the loan. I decided to pay the loan off in full. When inquiring about the pay off amount and asking to have the Title to be sent to my address, I found out that Wells Fargo had never received the Title. I was not listed on the title and Wells Fargo is not listed on the Title as Lien Holder. This was XXXX of 2017. I asked the costumer service representative why I was not notified of this. She said that she needed to verify my personal information. Evidently, when I filled out the application my name was already in their system and Wells Fargo pulled my old information from their system and put it as my current information. I was never notified that there was a problem with the Title. I also found out that the percentage rate was changed from 12 % which was extremely high already to 17.99 %. In my paperwork it states the dealer, XXXX XXXX will complete title transfer and registration of ownership to the above names, XXXX XXXXXXXX XXXX and XXXX XXXX XXXX and Register the lien holder on the title as Wells Fargo Bank. Apparently none of this was done. I had no idea until I called to pay off the loan. I would have taken care of this if I knew that this problem existed ... I have called Wells Fargo since XX/XX/XXXX trying to get some answers. I have left multiple messages, been assigned to multiple supervisors, who have never contacted me by phone only by mail, stating basically, it 's not there problem!! I have tried to get answers and no one will help me. I spoke to my attorney and she said to stop paying the payment and if that does n't get their attention then contact the Attorney General. I have paid {$8400.00} on the loan for XXXX. they say I owe {$9400.00}. I feel {$5000.00} is a fair number to pay them. They have ignored my calls for the last 6 months. They basically will not acknowledge that they did anything wrong. That it 's my problem that they did n't do their part to secure this car loan. I hope there is some way that you can help me. I have hard copies of documents if you need me to send them to you. I am unable to attach them by my computer. Thank you. XXXX Here are some of the names that were assigned to my account. XXXX XXXX, XXXX XXXX, XXXX XXXX and XXXX XXXX ... Thank you