On as many as  XXXX  occasions over the past year and as recently as   XXXX   XXXX   XXXX    , I have submitted disputes with TransUnion regarding an illegal tradeline on my credit report. The illegal creditor in question is  XXXX   XXXX . I have provided evidence that this lender is not legally licensed to offer loan products, nor collect in the state of Florida and this tradeline is therefore illegal and unenforceable under FL Statut e 516 of the Consumer Finance Act . In   XXXX   XXXX     following the closing of my dispute with TRU as " verified '', I contacted the creditor again demanding compliance with the FCRA, FDCPA and FL Consumer Finance Act by either providing evidence of the legality of the debt and full validation or removing this illegal account.  XXXX  responded with a statement that they do not need to comply claiming tribal immunity. They then reduced the alleged amount owed to zero, but refused to remove the reporting.     A brief search of the CFPB database shows that this particular creditor is well known to be an illegal, online predatory lender who does not conform to state or federal law and routinely holds people 's credit repo rts hostage to extor t money from them.     I have repeatedly disputed this account with TransUnion only to be told that it had been " investigated '' and found to be valid. This is simply not possible as a simple check of the online Florida  Office of Financial Regulation license  database shows that they do not possess a loan origination or collection license, making the entire alleged debt illegal, invalid, and unenforceable under state law.   XXXX   XXXX   XXXX   Statut e 516 of the Florida Consumer Finance Act clearl y states that a license is required in order to make consumer finance loans as well as very strict guidelines on interest rates and terms that  XXXX  is also in violation of. The law states that loans not in accordance with this statute are invalid and unenforceable.     TransUnion is in violation of the FCRA in that they are purporting to perform investigations and verifications that they are clearly not doing. Further, they are knowingly and willingly continuing to report negative information that has been proven invalid. According to the Fair Credit Reporting Act, accounts that can not be verified or are otherwise found to be invalid must be removed from credit reporting. TransUnion is in willful non-compliance with this law. I am asking for the CFPBs help in enforcing the FCRA and having TransUnion remove this illegal and invalid tradeline from my credit report.