Macy 's Fraud Department contacted me by phone on XXXX XXXX, XXXX to verify suspicious charges and it turns out the charges were fraudulent. Macy 's XXXX XXXX removed a {$260.00} charge from my Macy 's store account and told me I should send a " Statement of Fraud '' to Macy 's American Express Fraud Department to remove a {$40.00} Shell Oil charge made in Delaware. I live in XXXX, FL and I have never been to Delaware. Also, I was told not to pay for the {$40.00} charge. That same day, I went to a Macy 's store in XXXX, Florida and paid off my balance of {$1300.00} in cash. 

Macy 's Fraud Department told me they were mailing a " Statement of Fraud '' to my home address ( they told me they could not e-mail or fax the form ). After several calls to the department I received said " Statement of Fraud '' on XXXX XXXX, XXXX ( 1 month after the initial call ). I signed it and return it by mail on XXXX XXXX, XXXX. I called the fraud department and I was told it would take several weeks to process the fraud investigation after they received my letter. I paid my XXXX Macy 's statement balance minus the {$40.00} Shell Oil charge. My headache was just starting. The Fraud department kept saying that they did not received my letter or my fax. So, I started calling and faxing as follows : Faxed on XXXX XXXX, XXXX Called and Faxed on XXXX XXXX, XXXX Called and Faxed on XXXX XXXX, XXXX Called and Faxed on XXXX XXXX, XXXX The answer was always the same : " there is no record of receiving the Statement of Fraud by either mail or fax therefore we can not investigate it. '' After losing my patience, I sent a copy of the " Statement of Fraud '' to the Fraud Investigation Department by XXXX signature required on XXXX XXXX, XXXX and it was delivered and signed for on XXXX XXXX, XXXX. Afterwords, 3 months after the initial call, I called the fraud department and after one hour on hold I was told that they would give me an answer in a few weeks. My credit is damaged, Macy 's calls me everyday looking for payment, the original {$40.00} is now over {$120.00} with interest and late charge fees. I have spent more money with calls and XXXX that I would have if I had paid the original {$40.00} fraudulent charge. 

I want to clean my credit but the Fraud Investigation Department of Macy 's American Express card is not cooperating and it has made my life XXXX for the past 4 months. I was a very good Macy 's costumer and I can not wait to close this account and never again step in a Macy 's store while I am alive.