Around the XXXX of XXXX XXXX I contacted Bloomingdale 's Credit Card Services ( XXXX ) to verify my account limit. After inputting my card number and other identifying information I was advised that my credit limit was {$2000.00}. I actually thought that my limit was much higher than that. About 5 days later I received a letter from Bloomingdale 's dated XXXX XXXX XXXX stating : " Why we 're writing you It 's been a pleasure to have you as Bloomingdale 's Credit Card customer and to serve your credit needs. We are sorry to hear that you no longer wish to keep your account. As you requested, we have closed your Bloomingdale 's Credit Card account. '' After reading the letter I immediately called Bloomingdale 's at XXXX on XXXX XXXX XXXX to advise that I never requested to have my account closed. The Bloomingdale 's representative indicated that my account was closed in XXXX XXXX which was a surprise to me because around XXXX XXXX XXXX I was informed I had a {$2000.00} credit limit! 
I requested that my account be re-opened because their letter falsely accuses me of requesting a closure of my account. The representative then transferred me to her supervisor. I then re-iterated my concerns to the supervisor at Bloomingdale 's Credit Card Services again stating that I never requested to have my account closed and just a week earlier I was informed that I had a {$2000.00} limit. I also indicated that the Fair Credit Reporting Act and the Fair Debt Collection Practices Act affords me the right to receive an " adverse action '' letter from a creditor if they took an adverse action against me. I did not receive such a letter in XXXX XXXX stating my account would be closed and I did not request to have my account closed in XXXX XXXX. I then requested that the supervisor re-instate my account and she advised that she would have to transfer me to yet another department that could handle that request. I was placed on hold and then a gentleman came on the line, I greeted him and after several " Hellos '' he did not respond anymore so I disconnected the call. 
I am very concerned about my credit reports and my credit scores being adversely affected by the closure of a 7 year old account with Bloomingdale 's which was in perfect standing and for no reason of my own. Also, it seem peculiar that the gentleman in the Bloomingdale 's credit department would not respond after coming on the line and has not called me back to discuss the matter.