Trans Union incorrectly and inaccurately reported a PAID FEDERAL TAX LIEN on my consumer credit report. I have asked them to investigate this matter and they say they did, but the credit report shows no updated information after their investigation, to which they responded, NO FURTHER INVESTIGATION NEEDED. The problem we have here is, they disseminated a credit report through one of their subscribers ( XXXX ), stating `` County Clerk, PAID FEDERAL TAX LIEN, Filed XXXX/XXXX/XXXX, Paid '', without identifying to the subscriber to whom the final credit report was issued : ( 1 ) what County Clerk was reporting the information and when the lien was paid. At present, the public record antedates the report by 7 years and is not allowed under the Fair Credit Reporting Act, which I have a copy of. Further, the date paid on the credit report dispute results I was recently issued ( within 30 days of the filing of this complaint ) stated the paid date was " XXXX/XXXX/XXXX '', which Trans Union claims justifies keeping the public record on my credit report until XXXX of XXXX. The problem is, that is n't the " Date Paid ''. " XXXX/XXXX/XXXX '' is shown on the Notice of Federal Income Tax Lien as " Last Day for Refiling '' ( of the lien ) and in no way reflects WHEN the lien was paid in full ; thus, not just me, but tens of millions of similarly-situated consumers are affected by the manner in which Trans Union relies on a " Date Paid '', using the last day for refiling the lien as its excuse for reporting inaccurate information. To that end, I have asked counsel to file a class action lawsuit against Trans Union. Additionally, I am filing a separate action for loss of consortium for the report issued by Trans Union through its vendor resulted in the loss of a {$90000.00} loan for the purposes of real estate investing from Seed Capital, conditioned in part on the reporting of the PAID FEDERAL TAX LIEN. I could go online to at least a half-dozen counties in Florida, pull their paid federal tax liens, and identify the same expired pay dates based on the " Last Day for Refiling '' dates listed, contact each consumer on each notice, and receive similar results once they pulled up their credit reports and found the same dates claimed to have been " paid '' as the same " Last Day for Refiling '' date on the tax lien notices they received and that have been publicly recorded that Trans Union ineptly relied upon in negligently determining and misinterpreting this information and then reporting it on a consumer credit report illicitly, knowing, or should have known that, said date was in fact, NOT the date paid but actually the last date the IRS could refile the lien if it was n't paid. Thus, the CFPB and the FTC now have a new issue to deal with. I would strongly suggest that since your entity is in charge of enforcing mass violations on credit reports, that it may wish to investigate my report further, along with tens of millions of other similarly-situated consumers. I think we are all due some recompense for the damage Trans Union has caused. XXXX and XXXX are NOT reporting this lien. I would suggest fully investigating and resolving this issue, as I still intend to file a suit against Trans Union, with or without your approval and I will look to certify a class. This could also be considered punitive, given current case law. Further, Trans Union has no way to verify from the IRS WHEN a tax lien was paid except through my giving them a XXXX, which they do n't have. Thus, there is no way they could have properly investigated this matter and are in violation of the Fair Credit Reporting Act, as shown in my correspondence to them ( attached ).