We applied and were approved for a credit card through XXXX XXXX XXXX card, provided by Citi. We were told that we would receive certain benefits such as improved boarding position and free checked baggage. When we used the card to purchase flights/book travel we still were charged for our checked bag and were not given the improved boarding status. The flights were purchased almost a month in advance and the bags were paid for at the airline kiosk with the XXXX XXXX XXXX Credit Card. When I brought this to the attention of the credit card company and the airline, both redirected me to a refund website which was not particularly clear about the information required to receive a refund. The website asked for a " document number '' which could mean an itinerary number, membership number, credit card number, how are you to know? Once I figured it out ( number found on the credit card statement ), I filled out the required information on the website and was told that my application would have to be manually reviewed. I had to do this twice, for the bag that travelled to and back from our destination. We 've flown since and I assume that I will have to go and file for these refunds individually. What is frustrating about this, is that we receive our reward miles ( as promised ) but the other benefits with upfront costs seem deferred until you the consumer takes further action. Why must a consumer take additional action to realize certain advertised benefits while other benefits such as airline miles are awarded using the same information? I could not receive nor use my airline miles without providing my XXXX XXXX membership number. Why then, when I provide my membership number to check into a flight and pay for a bag service at an XXXX XXXX point of sale at the same time, using their XXXX XXXX Credit Card, do I not receive the other benefits associated with the card. It seems to me that when I provide my membership number and present my card at the XXXX ( as well as in person when I hand over my bag for check-in ) I should automatically receive the benefit stated on the card ... why all the additional hoops? I wonder if this is a method of taking in revenue that hinges on a customer not paying close attention to their benefits. Furthermore, by providing some benefits, it creates an illusion that the XXXX and Credit Card company are behaving " above board '' by giving you benefits, when they are not actually awarding the customer all of the promised benefits as stated in the credit card application.