I went to Experian to get a free credit report. They charged me {$1.00} for it on my credit card. Then they signed me up for a monitoring service I did n't want. I did n't even know I was being signed up for it until I started getting billed on my credit card. They have billed me {$21.00} XXXX in a XXXX month period. I called them to cancel this unwanted service. It was after-hours and the automated phone prompt directed to me to send an email to cancel the membership. I did. They replied back that they could n't find a record of my account and to send them more information. I did. They said they still have no record of me based on my name or email. I called them to cancel. I waited on hold for almost half an hour. When I finally got someone, they asked for my name, phone number, email, date of birth, etc. They said they do n't show any record of me. I asked them if I have no membership with them, why are they billing me. They said to give them my credit card number. I said I 've already done that and you started billing me with unwanted things, so why would I give you the number again. If they 're already billing me, they should have my credit card number along with name, address, etc. They keep saying they have no record of me, but they keep billing me! I did a google search and found dozens of others going through the exact same thing and none of us know what to do to get it to stop. I 've filed a complaint with the XXXX and contacted my credit card company which is now in a billing dispute with them, but I have n't heard back to see if anything has been done. I just want to cancel the membership that I NEVER wanted. The only reason I went to Experian was because the FTC website said I could get a free credit report. They need to be more upfront that they are charging you and signing you up for memberships because from what I 've seen, this is common practice for them. Now they have emailed me saying maybe it 's another company with a similar name. I 've tried explaining to them it 's not another company, because it 's their same name and same customer service number : XXXX