I have been a Best Buy Credit Card holder since XX/XX/2012. I am trying to pay off a balance but I have noticed that it does n't seem to be changing, so I decided to go online and review my account statements. I normally just go online and pay my bills since I have a general idea of what I owe. When I took a closer look I noticed I was charged a fee for what I now know is a " Debt Protection '' program that I never signed up for. I immediately called the credit card company and questioned this charge. After speaking to a " Debt Protection Specialist '' I found out that I was signed up for this in 2012 ( which I never did ) and I have paid {$820.00} into this program ( Not including any potential interest accrued ). They could not tell me where or when I was signed up for this program. I immediately had it cancelled. Again, I asked specifics of how I was signed up for it and proof. The woman, XXXX, put in a request for the proof and a request for a possible refund ( I was told it will take 30 days just for a response ). I asked for documentation that there will be an inquiry and was told that the documentation I would receive in the end was the only documentation they could provide me with. Basically the specialist can only submit requests and can not help you with any documentation. After the phone call I scoured my records and found my original paperwork from the initial credit card application. There is no mention of any form of " debt protection '' fees that I allegedly signed up for. In fact, the fees section is completely blank on my paperwork. I would have never knowingly signed up for such a thing because it is simple not cost effective ( I recently read about the details online ). I did not sign up at the time of the credit approval ( no documentation of fees on my paperwork ) nor would I have done so after. I did n't even notice the charges because they were small to medium amounts and I normally pay my bills online and since this has been happening for so long, my balance never looked " wrong '' to me ''. I do not know if this is some sort of scam guised under false pretenses to deceive the consumer or if it was an honest mistake. I know that I should have caught this sooner, but regardless it was something that happened that should not have happened. I am outraged that this is a practice of the company and expect them to remedy this issue.