I started the process to prevent my home from foreclosure on XX/XX/XXXX by submitting an application via hope loan portal ( case # XXXX ), which was handled by my housing counselor with the XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX. Since that process has begun, I have been getting the runaround with my lender Bank of America who holds my mortgage. After submitted my application onXX/XX/XXXX, I received a response from Bank of America on XX/XX/XXXX stating that my application was incomplete due to missing documents, which included bank statements and tax returns. These items were received by Bank of America via hope loan portal. However, according to the representative with Bank of America, they were not in proper format. According to the representative, my statements could not be accepted because they were printed from my bank 's ( XXXX XXXX ) website. XXXX XXXX does not offer traditional bank statements without a fee and you have to request them to be sent by mail. I did not find out this information until 3 months later of which I received my bank statements in the mail. I sent my bank statements to Bank of America on XX/XX/XXXX via the hope loan portal per my housing counselor. I then received a response from Bank of America on XX/XX/XXXX stating my bank statements were rejected because it includes 4 pages of which the 4th page is blank. They are saying they can not accept the statements because the 4th page, though it is blank does not say " page 4 of 4 ''. Therefore, according to Bank of America my bank statements are incomplete. I have contacted XXXX XXXX to see if something can be done to adding page 4 of 4 to my bank statements. XXXX XXXX does not provide statements in that format. Therefore, I am unable to provide what is being asked of me from Bank of America.They are also stating they have not receive page 2 of 2 which has been submit via hope loan portal on XX/XX/XXXX. I have also resent these statements on three occasions between XX/XX/XXXX and XX/XX/XXXX through two different Bank of America banking center locations. Bank of America is still saying they have not received the complete statements. Because of this, my process in securing my home is being halted due to " missing documents '' according to Bank of America. Bank of America has also requested proof of my expenses of which I have provided copies of my utility bills on XX/XX/XXXX. I have also sent an itemized budget with my application. On XX/XX/XXXX, Bank of America responded with a request for proof of expenses. I have been informed by my housing counselor that it is likely Bank of America will soon be requesting for me to complete a new application because my application is more than 90 days old. As of today XX/XX/XXXX, Bank of America has not requested for me to do so. I feel as though I am not being treated unfairly in this process. I feel that I will lose my my home based on some technicalities beyond my control.