According to the Fair Credit Reporting Act, Section 609 ( a ) ( 1 ) ( A ), the major credit bureaus are required by federal law to verify - through the physical verification of the original signed consumer contract - any and all accounts you post on my credit report. Otherwise, anyone paying for your reporting services could fax, mail or email in a fraudulent account.
I demanded to see by Verifiable Proof ( an original Consumer Contract with my Signature on it ) from XXXX XXXX and Experian what they have in their possession on file of the derogatory accounts listed on my credit report as well as the unauthorized inquiries with no success. All three credit bureaus failed to positively verify by physical verification as requested by me on several EVERY SINGLE MONTH for these accounts that has hurt my ability to obtain credit. I repetitiously dispute Under the FCRA that unverified accounts must be removed if you are unable to provide me a copy of verifiable proof. My requests have gone ignored and per FCRA you must remove any and all of the accounts that can not be physically verified. 
XXXX, Experian, nor XXXX XXXX have NOT provided me a copy of ANY original documentation required under Section 609 ( a ) ( 1 ) ( A ) & Section 611 ( a ) ( 1 ) ( A ) ( a consumer contract with my signature on it ) and under Section 611 ( 5 ) ( A ) of the FCRA They are required to promptly DELETE all information which can not be verified. 

I informed all three major credit bureaus that The law is very clear as to the Civil liability and the remedy available to me for negligent noncompliance ( Section 617 ) if the credit reporting agencies fail to comply. I am a litigious consumer and fully intend on pursuing litigation in this matter to enforce my rights under the FCRA. 

In the results of their first investigation and subsequently in their re-investigation, they stated in writing that the accounts were verified that these items are being reported correctly. When I asked who verified these accounts and for physical proof? Experian, XXXX, nor XXXX have NOT provided me a copy of ANY original documentation ( a consumer contract with my signature on it ) as required under Section 609 ( a ) ( 1 ) ( A ) & Section 611 ( a ) ( 1 ) ( A ). Furthermore they have failed to provide the method of verification as required under Section 611 ( a ) ( 7 ). Please be advised that under Section 611 ( 5 ) ( A ) of the FCRA All major credit bureaus are required to promptly DELETE all information which can not be verified. 



I am demanding that XXXX, Experian, and XXXX XXXX follow the FCRA laws and remove these derogatory accounts that has not been physically verified via Section 609 ( a ) ( 1 ) ( A ), the major credit bureaus are required by federal law to verify - through the physical verification of the original signed consumer contract - any and all accounts you post on my credit report. Otherwise, anyone paying for your reporting services could fax, mail or email in a fraudulent account. 

The Fair Credit Reporting Act ( FCRA ) is the United States federal legislation that promotes accuracy, fairness and privacy for data used by consumer reporting agencies. Consumer reporting agencies which include credit bureaus and financial agencies should follow the federal guidelines placed to protect me. I AM DEMANDING THAT THESE UNVERIFIED DEROGATORY ACCOUNTS BE REMOVED FROM MY CREDIT REPORT IMMEDIATELY. 

THANK YOU