1.XX/XX/2015 I decided to pay off the entire outstanding balance on XXXX credit cards and since I was not using them, to have them cancelled. I called the toll-free number on each statement and so informed them and asked for the amount of the balance to pay off and close the accounts. The figures their customer service agent gave me were identical to the " New Balance Total '' shown on the current bill. I had set aside that amount to pay these bills and told the customer service agent to use the " Auto-Pay '' arrangement then in force and draw those amounts from my bank account ; and then to terminate the Auto-Pay arrangement. They withdrew the amounts ; the Auto-Pay was terminated ; and the cards cancelled. Later I began getting bills for additional interest or whatever and when I called to complain the customer service agent tried to explain something about their internal accounting or bookkeeping. I insisted that when I asked the question and was given the payoff figure ( which matched the last statement ) and I made that payment, that I would pay no more. Their letters and bills keep coming despite having reported all this by letters to both companies twice and repeated calls. But they keep sending demand letters and increasing the amounts on these " bills. '' I am semi-retired with little to no workingincome and set aside money to pay these bills off and close the credit card accounts. I believe that when their Customer Service Representative provides me with the number after my explanation, that I ought to be able to rely on that number, pay that amount, and be done with it. The credit card companies presumably have recordings of my telephone conversations which should confirm all that I say. No mention was ever made of any more money due than the amount they gave me, which sum was paid immediately while we were still on the phone. I relied on that conversation and the figures and should not have to be concerned with some internal accounting or bookkeeping they do in their office of which they never gave me any notice. ( Maybe they 'll find something in the " small print '' somewhere from years back! ) These credit card companies should change their procedure and tell their Customer Representatives how to explain their intentions to continue billing after payment in full when a customer like me calls. 

2. I would like both companies to cancel these bogus charges and stop sending me these threatening collection letters.