In XX/XX/XXXX, I opened a mortgage account with Bank of America. At the time, I was advised the best option for me was to obtain an ARM mortgage and have my payments adjust to the market in 5 years. This account was opened in my name and my ex husband 's name. I got divorced in XX/XX/XXXX and the court awarded me the rights to the house. I called the bank to get my ex 's name out of the mortgage but my only option was to refinance. Refinancing at that time meant that my monthly payments would increase due to my credit so I decided to leave things as they were. I called the bank when it got close to the 5 year mark to get help. I was told that, since my account was in good standing and not delinquent, there were no options for me that would help my situation. The only way was for me to miss XXXX consecutive payments, to bring my account to a delinquent status, so they could offer me a loan modification with a better interest rate. I accepted that option because my ex and I were on good standing and he agreed to help me by signing those papers. I brought my account to a delinquent status, so that I qualified for a loan modification and was approved. When it came time to sign the papers, my ex changed his mind and did not want to help me anymore and refused to sign the papers. I paid back the 3 months that I was behind on and brought my account back to good standing but my account would remain " delinquent '' for the remainder of the loan. I was back in the same situation and just continue to make payments under the ARM 's rules. Ten years go by and I finally sell the property and pay off the loan. I called the bank to ask how I could get the escrow check back into my name only and was told that I would have to provide a copy of my Divorce Decree along with a Quit Claim Deed and a signed Indemnity Agreement. I provided them with a Warranty Deed and not a Quit Claim Deed because this is what my realtor use to sell my property. It has been a year since I sold the property and I 'm still not able to get my money back because the bank says they can not use my Warranty Deed, and need a Quit Claim deed. I also work for the bank so I have been trying to use the correct channels to escalate this issue and at this point I 'm getting the run around for a year now and do not know what else to do. On XXXX/XXXX/XXXX, I talked to XXXX XXXX, who found my divorce decree and the Warranty Deed ( even though the previous person could not see my documents ) and said I was missing the Indemnity Agreement. She also said she read my Warranty Deed and said this was as good as the Quit Claim deed to proceed with my request. The next day, on XXXX/XXXX/XXXX, I call back to check on the status of my case. This time I talk to XXXX, who transferred me without telling me, then to XXXX XXXX who says I 'm missing all documents and also says I can not use a Warranty Deed for a Quit Claim Deed. And says my Divorce Papers are not signed ( false statement as I have a copy of them ). Then I escalate the call to XXXX XXXX who says the same thing about not being able to use a Warranty Deed to grant my request. He also says that I can not escalate my issue any further and the only way is to write a letter to Bank of America Customer Relations. When I asked if I could escalate my situation to the Office of the President, I am told that department does n't exist anymore ( also a false statement since I also work for the Bank and in fact have a friend who works in the Office of the President ). I have asked every inside contact I can think of who could help me or know someone who could and I have run out of options. I have not escalated this issue to the Office of the President since I hear they do n't allow escalations there if are an employee. I 'm reaching out to you now to see if there is anything you can do to help me get what is rightfully mine. 
Thank you